hi guys so I thought I'd just do some
Skyrim gameplay videos showing you some
of the mods that I have installed so the
one I'm going to show first of all is
the hobbit hole this is a mod that
basically puts a hobbit hole if you've
ever seen the Lord of the Rings film or
the the new film The Hobbit you know I'm
talking about
it's really really nice small little
house underground or partially
underground so see what you think a lot
of you probably have this already
installed but those who don't I'm just
going to show you around so I will carry
on doing my news updates but I thought
I'd just have a little go at doing some
gameplay some mod reviews things like
that to spice it up a bit and see what
you think basically so once we get past
this scary-looking loading screen I'll
show you in the hobbit hole so there it
is it's really well done is really
really good and it fits really well in
the surroundings you can see the
location is it's quite a full truth just
to the west of the lake there so if we
go in it has a nice little garden
outside as well and then grindstone so
if this just loads on the inside it's it
looks really cozy it's if if I've got
one criticism the ceilings are quite
high they look much higher inside than
they do from the outside so go in here
and the reason it might appear a bit
darker than normal and is because I've
got a lighting mod called realistic
lighting which you can get from Steam
Workshop so it's a reasonable size
actually you can use this as your home
just nice sort of interior quite basic
not very much in there but really really
well furnished and
finished graphically from the outside
there's also a little basement type area
which is quite dark at the minute you
can probably get some mods where you can
put lanterns down to make it a bit
lighter on the inside but it looks it
looks really good it's a really solid
mod thoroughly recommend downloading it
and giving it a go at least if you're if
you're a fan of The Hobbit although the
Lord of the Rings so yeah hope you
enjoyed this little mod review and I'll
see you next time